so we hit the bank at closing grab the
loot and off we go
no muss no fuss right when it closes
yeah right there when it closes right
then yeah when it closes
you have my
and you have your mother's
even in Herbert see in the morning
bright and early
in case you haven't noticed it yet now
yes sir
uh no sir nothing small large bills that
would be in all bills if you give me
everything you got
it's absolutely whatever could I have
been thinking whatever you say sir no
perverse whatever I say
you
well well well
we seem to have us a little bank robbery
here you're all under arrest
I wouldn't count on it little girl Oh
put your hands up Jake yeah you don't
have to do this daddy
sorry Jane now what you doin my fault we
can't have the great calamity jane
following us if she never gives up till
she's got her man but that's what ropes
is for ropes can be untied eventually
the cat Kate's not a word I know
this wrong wrong ride with us or burn
with your daughter don't matter none to
me
get up
you'll never make it no how no way
I knew you'd come back
caught him just like you said rats on
the run
one look at the cavalry and they gave up
without a shot you think you're pretty
smart and early smart enough to put a
bridle on you with a little help from my
daddy daddy your daddy detail you he's
no more your daddy than I am it's not
true it's not I'm sorry Jane it it is my
name is Donny Shea but you have my eyes
I do I stole them I've been nothing but
a thief for years he knew all about me
and my mama I rode with your paw long
time ago during my exploring days we
both came from the old country he was
quite a man good friend used to talk and
talk and talk about you and your mom was
the most important thing in the world to
him and after a while got to be the most
important thing in the world to me too I
always wished I was lucky enough to have
a family like yours but my father when
you last saw him he was still alive if
that's what you're wanting on
but that was going on past a dozen years
ago after we parted ways I fell on hard
times dr. Robin I never had much of a
stomach for it
sometimes there's nothing a man can do
once he sat in rut don't be so sure you
could have left me in there had a chance
of getting away nah only been right side
you're almost blood you'll have to come
with us Jane I know take care it was
nice pretending for a while
you